1. What are some of the key design philosophies of the Linux operating system?

One of the key design philosophies is that Linux is an operating system that values concise and simple commands. For example, the sort command does only one thing, it sorts. It can perform a myriad of sorts such as numeric, alphabetic, and alphanumeric sorts (forward or backwards), but at its core, it sorts. Another design philosopy is the notion to use software leverage. In using command line commands alone, you are taking advantage of thousands of lines of "C" code that has already been created, all to accomplish your task. This follows the idea that programmers should never rewrite code that has already been written.

2. In your own words, what is a VPS (virtual private server)? What, according to your research, are the advantages of using a VPS?

A Virtual Private Server is an internet hosting service that you can use to host your site. An important distinguishing feature is that you will be working in s shared hosting environment. You essentially will be renting space in a server for your site. To have a live website online, you need to have your website files on a web server. A VPS is one way to get that taken care of. An alternative to a VPS is having a physical server. While choosing to use a VPS brings many benefits like lower hosting costs, customization, and the fact that a VPS adjusts to the needs of the server (based off the demands of your website). The cons to using a VPS is that not only do they cost more than shared hosting, but they require more knowledge and work in getting it running to your standards. Additionally, depending on what company is hosting your VPS, there may be errors with your hosting if they pack many clients websites together in a single VPS. 